Okay. See the problem is we'll go on to
a technique here in a moment. The
problem is uh our first identity you
know the
Bobby who was born and whatever uh has
this space and some energies mixing and
there's Bobby but from that moment on
Bobby doesn't remember how he was
constituted
you see so you say Bobby do this and
he's not sure about why he should do
this because he's suddenly an
established identity
Okay. And this is maybe it's kind of
strange, but if you could keep in mind
that to have a Bobby, you had a space.
Okay. Energies mixed. There you were.
And then just the more of you and the
more of you and the more of you. And all
we're saying is we're not changing
anything. We're just going to relax from
Bobby. So that's why we got to come back
here. Bobby, Bobby, Bobby, I got to come
back here. Still Bobby. ah come back
here and I'm closer to that circle that
gets or space that gets larger and the
energies get freer and that's all I'm
doing here in this first part. Okay. And
I'm just going to go through the same
thing again but better. So the space is
going to be bigger. The energies uh that
pass through this lava this open
porous rock.
Okay. Uh, has much more access to those
energies and they're going to mix and
and
I can be Robert or an IPDOS or a sensei
or something. So, I'm just replaying it.
So, there's nothing strange going on
here.
It's just our problem is we don't know
how we got here in the first place.
So, from that moment on, anything other
than Bobby is strange. But Bobby is a
size and a little mixture. And there he
is. He's following the same pattern
again. Let's go to more size
because your size is related to your
size is related to
your size is related to your size.
Okay? That's a ongoing you. That size is
an ongoing you. That's why it's sort of
a spirit world.
But again, I like to use that word
because you use it in so many different
ways. But the the you that always was
Bobb's come and go, but this unit knows
that has a much better history of
things. Has been around forever.
Okay.
So, we have this ongoing bowl, ongoing
clear.
Ah, we know it's very big. How do we
know? Whole universes fit inside here.
Uh what's its job? One of its jobs is to
allow more and more energies to mix into
different kinds of paintings.
Uh tapestries
uh to create new mixes.
That's the game. To be creators. I
haven't used that phrase before, but
yeah. To create new new things. Okay.
sort of follow that. Okay. So, in a
certain way, it's not strange, bizarre,
some weird technique. Just trying to
make it the how how it is. Well, since
they kept telling us how natural what he
did was, how natural it was. And we
looked over here and we looked over here
and we did this and we did that and and
what's this naturalness he keeps talking
about? What's this? This is not hard.
This is this is your job. This is your
mission. And this is very easy. This is
ah it's like
you think
how do we break that code?
So one way of looking at it ish
this is how it works. This is how it
works.